The Iron Dragon King has something to report
Said it was leaked by the rebels five years ago
The Dragon Army lost the first battle
Failed to recapture Changsheng Tuluning
Resign as the official Dragon King
Yesterday your good brother Li Hu was the same age
Learned that there are enemy troops active at the border
I will lead a team of 800 to avenge you
But perished at the border
Unintentional survival
order
Li Hu loyal liver and righteous gallbladder
Blood stained battlefield
I will personally escort him back to his hometown
Fallen leaves return to their roots
The Dragon King was found on Tongling Li Hu
Brothers see words like death
Today I acted without authorization
It's to choose the former shame for you and the Tianlong Army
Here or die
But I have no regrets
I can't worry about my sister Li coming out
You are engaged to him
I entrust the rest of my life to you
Parting wish
Don't let me go
Congratulations to the Dragon King